Update the motor board docs for SR2022 (#250)
srobo/docs: programming/sr/motors/index.md

Motors
======

The `motor_board` object is used to control a collection of Motor Boards.

When a single Motor Board is connected to your robot, you can control it
using the `motor_board` object.

~~~~~ python
R.motor_board.something...
~~~~~

The serial number of each detected Motor Board is printed to the log when your robot starts.
It will look something like this:

~~~~~ not-code
sr.robot3.robot INFO - Found Student Robotics Motor Board v4 - srABC1
~~~~~

> If you have more than one Motor Board attached, the `motor_boards` object can be used to control a collection of Motor Board. It is a dictionary access via serial number, which is usually written on the board. For example, if you had a board whose serial number was "srABC1",

Reviewer: Not sure "dictionary access" is going to mean a lot to competitors? The first sentence here also feels like it duplicates the initial paragraph quite a bit (not sure if that's intentional?)

Perhaps something like this would be simpler:
```suggestion
If you have more than one Motor Board attached, you need to specify which one you want to control. This is done using the part number of the board. For example: if you had a board that was labelled "srABC1",
```

you could do this instead:

~~~~~ python
R.motor_boards["srABC1"].something...
~~~~~

<div class="warning">
    When you have more than one Motor board connected to your kit,
    you must use `R.motor_boards` and index by serial number. This is so
    that the kit knows which Motor Board you want to control.
</div>

Setting motor power
-------------------

> Motor power is controlled using [PWM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulse-width_modulation) with 100% power being a [duty cycle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duty_cycle) of 1. You set the power with an integer value between -100 and 100 inclusive (where a negative value puts the motor in reverse). The field to change the output power is `power`. As each Motor Board has two outputs you will need to specify which output you want to control:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Motor power is controlled using [PWM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulse-width_modulation) with 100% power being a [duty cycle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duty_cycle) of 1. You set the power with an integer value between -1 and 1 inclusive (where a negative value puts the motor in reverse). The field to change the output power is `power`. As each Motor Board has two outputs you will need to specify which output you want to control:
```

Reviewer: Or even, to make the fractional support explicit:
```suggestion
Motor power is controlled using [PWM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulse-width_modulation) with 100% power being a [duty cycle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duty_cycle) of 1. You set the power with an integer value between -1 and 1 inclusive. Fractional values (such as 0.42) can be used to specify less than 100% power. Negative values run the motor in the opposite direction.

The field to change the output power is `power`. As each Motor Board has two outputs you will need to specify which output you want to control:
```

> Motor power is controlled using [PWM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulse-width_modulation) with 100% power being a [duty cycle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duty_cycle) of 1. You set the power with an integer value between -100 and 100 inclusive (where a negative value puts the motor in reverse). The field to change the output power is `power`. As each Motor Board has two outputs you will need to specify which output you want to control:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Motor power is controlled using [PWM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulse-width_modulation) with 100% power being a [duty cycle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duty_cycle) of 1. You set the power with an integer value between -1 and 1 inclusive (where a negative value puts the motor in reverse). The field to change the output power is `power`. As each Motor Board has two outputs you will need to specify which output you want to control:
```

Author: 866c858

~~~~~ python
from sr.robot3 import *
import time

R = Robot()

# motor board srABC1, channel 0 to full power forward
R.motor_boards["srABC1"].motors[0].power = 1

# motor board srXYZ1, channel 0 to full power reverse
R.motor_boards["srXYZ1"].motors[0].power = -1

# motor board srABC1, channel 1 to half power forward
R.motor_boards["srABC1"].motors[1].power = 0.5

# motor board srXYZ1, channel 0 stopped
R.motor_boards["srXYZ1"].motors[0].power = 0

# the following will put motor board srABC1, channel 1 at 25% power (forwards) for 2.5 seconds:
R.motor_boards["srABC1"].motors[1].power = 0.25
time.sleep(2.5)       # wait for 2.5 seconds
R.motor_boards["srABC1"].motors[1].power = 0
~~~~~

You can read the current power value for a motor using the same field:

~~~~~ python
# get the current output power of Motor Board srABC1, channel 0

> currentTarget = R.motor_boards["srABC1"].motors[1].power

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
currentTarget = R.motor_boards["srABC1"].motors[0].power
```
Looks like a typo

Motors
======

The `motor_board` object is used to control a collection of Motor Boards.

When a single Motor Board is connected to your robot, you can control it
using the `motor_board` object.

~~~~~ python
R.motor_board.something...
~~~~~

The serial number of each detected Motor Board is printed to the log when your robot starts.
It will look something like this:

~~~~~ not-code
sr.robot3.robot INFO - Found Student Robotics Motor Board v4 - srABC1
~~~~~

> If you have more than one Motor Board attached, you need to specify which one you want to control. This is done using the part number of the board. For example: if you had a board that was labelled "srABC1",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have more than one Motor Board attached, you need to specify which one you want to control. This is done using the serial number of the board. For example: if you had a board that was detected as "srABC1",
```

~~~~~ python
# store the motor in a local variable because typing it out gets really boring

> molly = R.motor_boards["srABC1"].motors[1]

Reviewer: anecdote: the name "molly" came from a team which had labelled their `m0` and `m1` outputs "molly" and "milly", so the choice of `m0` here was very much intentional.
